Lumera heaved a low sigh, frowning at the malfunctioning 
holoterminal. This was the fifth time this week she'd been 
called by a frantic client who claimed to see ghosts 
rising from the machine. Lumera knew these apparitions 
were nothing more than static, display glitches that took 
on an extra eerie appearance when suspended in thin air 
rather than projected on a screen. Lumera knew that the 
scattering of pixels buzzing about in front of her was a 
result of some error in the system. Still, she felt a 
shiver run up her spine as she recalled the client's 
panicked message. It had been decades since the first 
holoterminals were released to the consumer market. People 
had difficulty ignoring strange, floating images they had 
no control over.

She reached in the back of the holoterminal, groping for the 
power cable to the ionic magnifier. She had just replaced 
this part when she was here two days ago. Lumera was absolutely certain
that the magnifier was the cause, and now to find that there 
is an issue with a brand new part made this problem all the more
peculiar.
Lumera located the serial number on the magnifier and the location 
of the nearest Maximum Manufacturing checkpoint, or MaXMaN for short.
There wasn't a person alive that didn't rely on MaXMaN; since the 
trade agreement of 2052 there wasn't much of a choice.
She punched the com-text number of the MaXMaN checkpoint facility into
her CrypBit phone to check if the facility had another ionic
magnifier on hand that would be compatible with the holoterminal model
belonging to Ms. Rotherfield. There was no point in spending the travel
points if there is no replacement part; travel points were expensive enough.
While she was waiting for the MaXMaN representative to respond to
her inquiry Lumera noticed a flash behind her near the terminal.
Her first thought was that the main power input was still live and
beginning to cause the thermal flux controller to short without the
presence of the ionic magnifier. She rushed to the main power switch
to find that it was powered down.
Lumera had only a few seconds to ponder this confusion when the
holoscreen blinked on...

Lumera stood there in shock, gazing down upon the ionic
magnifier that was still in her hands, which were clamming up
as the holoterminal's slowly pulsing light reflected 
onto her face. She looked up in disbelief, realizing
that the holoterminal seemed to be functioning without power.
She shakily set the ionic magnifier down on the table beside her
nearly missing the surface. As Lumera stared into the beaming 
aura of static-light, she quickly tried to compose herself and 
troubleshoot this situation in her mind. She had always been a 
woman of science. She was STILL a woman of science. "The 
holoterminal must be connected to a back-up generator", she 
thought, but quickly remembered that this generation of hardware
was not designed with the required ports. "A USB battery 
connection!", she exclaimed out loud.  In 2017 they had finally 
created a battery strong enough to give power via USB to hardware 
of this magnitude. They weren't often used, as they still
only provided power for minutes before breaking, but 
there was no other possibility. They were small, so maybe it was 
hidden behind the holoterminal. Now that Lumera had regained her
composure, she walked to the backside of the glowing, static orb
and got down on her hands and knees. There was nothing there,
but she noticed the back panel was slightly ajar. As she opened
the panel door, she froze. The wires were cut. All of them.
Ms. Rotherfield must have cut the wires in her desperate, 
fearful frenzy right before she called. Lumera sat on the 
ground completely breathless, her brow gathering sweat. That's 
when she heard it.

It was a low pitched thrumming sound, similar to warp core readying 
for a jump to hyper-drive. But that, or course, was completely 
impossble because there was no power getting through the sliced 
and diced circuitry of this machine. Still on her hands and knees Lumera 
began to back out from behind the holoterminal. She was almost clear 
of it when the hair on the back of her neck and along the length
of her arms stood straight up. Not surprising really, when you consider
this is an elecrically charged staticy orb...but how?! 
She continued to back up until she came to an abrupt halt against 
something which was not as hard as the table she was trying to tell 
herself she'd run into. Again, she heard the deep thrumming sound, though 
far closer than the last time...and something warm blasted the back of her neck. 
She took a deep breath, swallowed the heart which had jumped to her throat, 
and stood up slowly with her eyes closed. As she did she ran through the facts 
in an attempt to maintain her calm. "One. Ms. Rotherfield claims she saw ghosts 
or spirits. Two... it's a machine. Three: the ionic magnifer is NOT the culprit. 
Four <breathe Lumera!> - all the wires are cut. Five....there is no way this 
machine is on - so it isn't. Period." Speaking aloud she calmly announced "I'm 
going to open my eyes now and everyting is as it should be...except this holo-unit 
doesn't work anymore." She took a deep breath and released it slowly. 
She opened her eyes and found herself staring directly into a large golden-brown
orb which was far too close to her own green eyes. 
Again she heard the deep thrumming sound. But this time there was something else too.

This was nothing Lumera had ever encountered before. The orb pulsed gently
with a faint glow emitted from the core. The deep thrumming was accompanied 
by warmth, a soft heat radiating onto her skin, goosebumps prickling faintly 
at the clash of temperatures. The orb was not just a simple image display 
from a malfunctioning holoterminal. She knew, somehow, that the orb was alive.
"Hello," she said cautiously, taking a step back to relieve her burning eyes. The
orb thrummed more insistently. A response. She wasn't sure what to make of this
creature. Perhaps it was a new life form, birthed from the memories of the
holoterminal. Sentient? Lumera shook the thought from her head. That didn't make 
any sense at all. It sounded crazy. In fact, if one of her underlings had reported 
seeing a golden-brown orb hanging around a busted holoterminal, Lumera wouldn't 
have believed them either. She cleared her throat, attempting to speak to the
orb once more. "Hey there, buddy, what are you doing around this broken
machine? Are you looking for something?"

She stared at the orb awaiting an answer. The orb just hovered there, continuing to 
emit an electrical humming noise. She laughed quietly to herself, "No, I don't suppose 
it would be that easy" she lamented. She leaned around the orb to get a look at the 
holoterminal. Lumera slowly moved around the orb to find the terminal with a large burn 
mark and melted plastic coming from the main control interface. "Well it looks like 
I'll have to elevate this ticket, there goes my commission. She suddenly remembered 
there was a floating, radiating, responsive entity in the room with her.

When thoughts of ‘what to do now?’ begin to flood her mind, Lumera started to idly 
pace, which normally helps her think except… that the orb begin to orbit and follow 
her in her pacing. It was rather quite distracting, but one thing was for sure, they 
could stay in Ms. Rotherfield’s apartment. She slowed her pacing, turning towards the 
orb, it neatly colliding with her. “Okay,” she said slightly startled, “I have no 
reason to know if you can understand me, and you currently don’t pose a threat, but 
we need to get a few things straight.” Lumera was a little shocked at the response 
she just displayed, she wasn’t sure if she was talking to the orb or just talking to 
rationalize herself, but she kept going. “First you need to watch where you're hovering, 
I’m used to having a little bit of breathing room. Second, we need to sneak you out 
of here, I don’t know what you are, but I would prefer not to have to explain what I 
don’t know to anyone, least of all Ms. Rotherfield. She was the one calling about 
ghosts after all...” The last phrase made Lumera go quiet, she couldn’t believe what 
she had just said, referencing a ghost out loud to either herself or to the unknown 
floating, glowing, humming entity to her left, which by all accounts could be 
classified as a ghost. She shook the thought from her head and looked up at the orb, 
“Look, can you be quieter and less bright? That would go a long way to getting you out 
of here.” The orb just hovered again, but this time at a respectful distance. She sighed, 
and turned to collect her tool bag, ‘what am I going to do if I can’t communicate with 
this thing?’ she thought. Just as she grabbed her bag, the humming stopped and the room 
went quiet for a moment before she heard a light thud. Lumera turned toward the noise, 
where the orb was floating was now a flat golden disc about 8 inches wide. She carefully 
picked up the object; it was heavier than the sound of it hitting the floor had let on, 
and as soon as she had touched the object the familiar hum of the orb returned. 
The sensation of sound traveling up her arm and into her ears, such a strange sensation. 
She placed the disc in her tool bag and the humming stopped.

She exited the terminal room and found Ms. Rotherfield in her kitchen. Lumera slowly made 
her way towards the front door, “I’m afraid that your unit is dea... um. I mean no longer 
in service. I have elevated your ticket; someone more qualified to handle the internal 
circuitry will be in touch to get you back up and running.”, she said while passing by 
Ms. Rotherfield. “I don’t care if you’ve fixed it or not, I want it gone! I’m going back 
to the VR glasses. I’m done with this half-baked holo-crock.”, snapped Ms. Rotherfield, 
“I’ve lost enough sleep I could sue!”. Lumera reached the door and turned toward 
Ms. Rotherfield, “I’m sorry, disposal is not my area, but someone will be in touch.” 
With that she opened the door and stepped out in to the apartment hallway. She let out a 
sigh, and peeked in her bag. “This must be what going mad feels like” she muttered, the 
edge of the disc flashed in a fading style. Lumera blinked, closed the bag and begin to 
exit the building. As she walked down the street, she tried not to drown in the sea of 
questions that were beginning to gather in her mind.

Lumera was trying to plan out her next move. While standard procedure would 
normally consist of a call to her boss with details of the condition of
such defected products, she knew that she'd have to answer questions
that she was not yet ready to answer. She knew that they'd expect her 
to log back into work with a rundown and overview of the appointment
as soon as she was finished, but she couldn't. There was too much at
stake this time. Her thoughts were swirling out of control as
she speed walked down the street when she realized she was out of breath
and starting to sweat. "Breathe!", she told herself. She needed to
get off the street and find somewhere discrete where neither she nor the 
orb, disc, ghost, or WHATEVER this thing was, wouldn't be discovered.
She didn't care about her job or the reputation of the company right now.
She knew that if she called someone from the company it would be out of 
her control and eventually end up in the hands of the BSFBIFT. After the
collapse of the FBI and FOIA in 2017, the BSFBIFT took over, leaving all
significant discoveries and information utterly untouchable by the
common people. Lumera knew the best crackers around, and not even they
were able to crack into the BSFBIFT's system. She wasn't about to
let this disappear, so she knew who she had to call. The one person
she trusted the most, who had been there for her at the darkest moment
of her life, and cleaned up the mess she had gotten herself into.
He was completely off the grid except that only she knew how to
contact him. She needed a pay phone. Not one of the new installations
that tracked every call and required an eye-scan, but one of the old 
ones that the city neglected to replace with the newer models. She was
only about a five minute walk away from Livernois Avenue, but she was 
going to make it in two.

Lumera dug in her pockets for change...35 cents, all you needed to place 
the call was a lousy 35 cents. But with the credit system in place who carried
change anymore? It was a rare occurance, but she was happy to find the coins in
the very bottom pocket of her work pants. She inserted the coins, dialed the number, 
and listened to the ringing on the other end...4...5...'oh please, oh please,' she 
thought. She was about to give up when the receiver was picked up on the other end. 
"Henry!" she cried. A low chuckle eminated from the handset by her ear. "I suspect 
you have gotten yourself into another something or other. You'd better come 
over here." he said.

The door to the 18th century brownstone swung open on well-oiled hinges. It was a 
wonder this place had never been "modernized" - bulldozed and rebuilt - and it 
sure was a beauty. Lumera had always felt at home in the old place and today was
no different. After a hug for her friend, she sat down in an almost equally old
chair by the slate hearth. She placed her tool bag on the floor at her feet and waited
for her old friend to sit down, which he did promptly. "Well?" he said with a quirked
brow. Silently, she reached into her bag and pulled out the disk which she placed
on the floor between them. While she could feel a slight vibration when she touched it
the humming sound could not be heard. When the disk continued to remain flat and still 
she prodded it gently. Nothing. "You're safe here," she said, "Henry is my friend and won't
harm you."

Abruptly the orb bounced up like a ball on a court, humming noisily, and looked her full in the face.
She pointed to the other chair and the orb turned. When she said "Henry" she was astounded to 
hear the humming immitate the sound such that it seemed to also say "Henry."

For his part, Henry's mouth had about hit the floor. He managed to collect his wits and eek out
"Where on earth did you find a wreamsohnua?" With no further prompting needed Lumera explained her
earie call to the holo-terminal which had begun with ghosts and apparently ended with an alien
species who was clearly enjoying being the center of attention as it bounced around the room. They 
spent the next several hours talking about the creature, where it had come from and devising a plan 
to keep the wreamsohnua safe from the BSFBIFT. Clearly, they could not share the story with anyone. 

In the early morning hours the old brownstone met a tragic end when a power surge caused the ionic 
magnifier in the basement holo-terminal to ignite the insulation surrounding the lithium ion battery.
There were no survivors. A full investigation determined the cause of the fire and the holo-terminals
were quickly revamped so the troublesome ionic magnifier was no longer a featured element.

While the flames were being battled into the dawn, no one noticed the pair walking down the next block,
with a happily humming disk packed into a travel bag.
